Add preCICE tutorial (#1)
DavidSCN/code-gallery: coupled_laplace_problem/README.md

Black-box coupled Laplace equation
------------------------------------------
## Overview

> What is preCICE? What is black-box coupling? What is this tutorial about?

Reviewer: Let's make this part not too long. And we should explain that from deal.II perspective. Sth like ... 
> preCICE allows to couple deal.II to external simulation software, such as OpenFOAM, SU2, or CalculiX. To keep dependencies of this example minimal we couple deal.II to an external fancy boundary condition. 

... and then a few lines about how this example is connected to the deal.II tutorials. From which step etc.
Most important is to link to https://www.precice.org/.

Reviewer 2: I would put the link in the further reading section since there are also some other links. Then, we would have all together..

## Requirements

> * Version `9.3` or greater of `deal.II` TODO: Check for lower version

Reviewer: I could run it with 9.2.

Reviewer 2: Then let's go with 9.2. I think it is not really necessary to test it with too low versions.

Reviewer 2: TODO: Test with 9.0

Reviewer 2: We had this already in the adapter repo: they introduced in many places range based for loops in v 9.2. Thus, we are currently only compatible with this version. Apart from that, it is also the most recent release.

* [preCICE](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki#1-get-precice)

## Compiling and running
Similar to the example programs, run
```
cmake -DDEAL_II_DIR=/path/to/deal.II .
```
in this directory to configure the problem.
You can switch between debug and release mode by calling either
```
make debug
```
or
```
make release
```
This command will generate two executables: one for the `coupled_laplace_problem` and one for the `dummy` participant.
```
make run
```

> excutes the `coupled_laplace_problem`. In order to run the coupled simulation, execute

Reviewer: I think it would be better to make this symmetric. Right now, `coupled_laplace_problem` seems to be the master program and `dummy` the side thing. Let's call both executables directly .

Reviewer 2: You mean call both by `make run`? This might be difficult since I use the (deal.II default) predefined macro for the make target. Apart from that, I would propose to really require a manual execution in two terminals. Otherwise, the 'two different executable' aspect might be shadowed.

Reviewer: Yes, simply don't allow `make run` at all, but tell users to start both codes explicitly. Can we avoid `make run` with the deal.II default?

Reviewer 2: TODO: Delete `make run` target from README

```

> ./dummy

Reviewer: A real name could be better: `heat_source`, `fancy_boundary_condition`, ...?

Reviewer 2: Latter :+1:

```
in the same directory from another terminal window.

## Results

> Presenting some results? Essentially a single picture?

Reviewer: Yes, good idea. And also mention the name of the results and that they are vtk files. And maybe just mention "paraview".

## Further reading

* about [preCICE](https://github.com/precice/precice/) in general
* preCICE coupled deal.II codes in the [dealii-adapter](https://github.com/precice/dealii-adapter)

> * some literature ?

Reviewer: You could mention the preCICE reference paper.

Laplace equation coupled to an external simulation program
------------------------------------------
## Overview

> preCICE allows to couple deal.II to external simulation software, such as OpenFOAM, SU2, or CalculiX. To keep dependencies of this example minimal we couple deal.II to an external c++ program, which provides a time varying boundary condition. The deal.II code consists mainly of the `step-4` tutorial program, where a simple Laplace problem is solved. Coupling with preCICE is usually carried out along surfaces in order to apply a Dirichlet-Neumann coupling between two domains (volume coupling is also possible). For the sake of simplicity, we couple here one side of our quadrilateral domain unidirectional with a c++ program, which generates a parabolic boundary profile with a time varying amplitude. The boundary values are consequntly used in the Laplace solver as Dirichlet boundary condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preCICE allows to couple deal.II to external simulation software, such as OpenFOAM, SU2, or CalculiX. To keep dependencies of this example minimal, we couple deal.II to an external C++ program, which provides a time varying boundary condition. The deal.II code consists mainly of the [`step-4` tutorial program](https://www.dealii.org/developer/doxygen/deal.II/step_4.html), where a simple Laplace problem is solved. 

Coupling with preCICE is usually carried out along surfaces in order to apply a Dirichlet-Neumann coupling between two domains (volume coupling is also possible). For the sake of simplicity, we couple the external C++ program in a unidirectional fashion to one side of our quadrilateral domain. The external C++ program generates a parabolic boundary profile with time varying amplitude. The boundary values are then used in the Laplace solver as a Dirichlet boundary condition.
```

## Time discretization
Coupled simulations deal mostly with time-dependent problems. Hence, we modify the stationary Laplace problem from step-4 by a time-dependent problem
@f{align*}

>   \\frac{\partial u}{\partial t}-Delta u &= f \qquad\qquad & \text{in}\ \Omega,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \\frac{\partial u}{\partial t}-\Delta u &= f \qquad\qquad & \text{in}\ \Omega,
```

  \\
  u &= x^2+y^2 \qquad\qquad & \text{on}\ \partial\Omega_s,
  \\

>   u &= g(t) \qquad\qquad & \text{on}\ \partial\Omega_c.

Reviewer: You need to explain what d Omega_s and _c is. And that g comes from the external coupling partner. Do we use  this quadratic profile really everywhere?

Reviewer 2: I agree and yes

@f}

> The system is consequently discretized by a first-order Euler backward method, resulting in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system is consequently discretized by a first-order backward Euler method, resulting in
```

@f{align*}
 ((\varphi_i, \varphi_j) + \Delta t (\nabla\varphi_i, \nabla \varphi_j)) u_j^{n+1}
   = \Delta t (\varphi_j, f) + (\varphi_j,u_j^{n})

> @f}

Reviewer: You make two steps in one here: time discretization and weak form. If you bring the weak form you need to explain a bit more I guess. On the other hand, the weak form is probably already covered in the deal.ii tutorials. I suggest to only bring the time discretization of the strong form here.

Reviewer 2: Alright. I'm not sure about the utilization of the discrete time-step size \Delta t and the Laplace operator in the same equation, but let's see.

Reviewer: Not sure I understand. You discretize in time, but not in space. Mathematically, there is no problem with this :smirk:

## Requirements

> * Version `9.2` or greater of `deal.II`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `deal.II`, version `9.2` or greater. Older versions might work as well, but have not been tested.
```

> * [preCICE](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki#1-get-precice)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [preCICE](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki#1-get-precice), version `2.0` or greater.
```

## Compiling and running

Similar to the example programs, run
```
cmake -DDEAL_II_DIR=/path/to/deal.II .
```
in this directory to configure the problem.

> You can switch between debug and release mode by calling either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then switch between debug and release mode by calling either
```

```
make debug
```
or
```
make release
```
This command will generate two executables: one for the `coupled_laplace_problem` and one for the `fancy_boundary_condition` participant.
```
./coupled_laplace_problem
```
excutes the `coupled_laplace_problem`. In order to start the coupled simulation, execute
```
./fancy_boundary_condition
```
in the same directory from another terminal window.

## Results

> By default, the results are saved in each time step using `vtk` files. A visualization with paraView looks the following way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the results are saved in each time step using `vtk` files, which can, for example, be visualized with ParaView. You should get something like:
```

![result](./doc/result.gif)

## Further reading

> * A complete overview over the preCICE project can be found on the [official preCICE webpage](https://www.precice.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A complete overview of the preCICE project can be found on the [preCICE webpage](https://www.precice.org/).
```

> * The [source code](https://github.com/precice/precice/) of preCICE is hosted on Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [source code](https://github.com/precice/precice/) of preCICE is hosted on Github.
```

> * If you are in particular interested in preCICE coupled deal.II codes (currently dealing with solid mechanics), have a look in the [dealii-adapter repository](https://github.com/precice/dealii-adapter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more coupled deal.II codes, have a look at the [deal.II adapter repository](https://github.com/precice/dealii-adapter). In the [preCICE tutorials](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/tree/master/FSI/flap_perp_2D/OpenFOAM-deal.II), a fluid-structure interaction example is given coupling OpenFOAM (fluid dynamics) to deal.II (solid mechanics). 
```
